1 what is an activity?
2 give full form:OHA
3 what is Android SDk?
1 define activity
2__ is the central command centre for an android application
3 what is the basic use of resources?
used to provide external content such as images ,strings ,colors etc to application
1 full form of APK
Android Package Kit
2 full fork of avm
Android Virtual Machine
3 in which folder all the image will be store in android
"res/drawable”
4 in which folder all the android ui design will be stored?
"res/layout"
1 full form of oha
2 full form of sdk
3 in which file all the permissions will be taken 
manifest file
4 in which folder all the design file will be saved in android

1 name the folder where animations are stored
res/anim
2 write the main use of Date picker.
used to pick a date in android appliaction
3__ layout is a view group that aligns all children in a single direction.
LinerLayout
1__ component allows user to select the time of the day
time picker
2 what is the basic use of Edittext control?
retrive and modify the text data form user in android app.
3 define linear layout
1 which method of java is used to find element from xml 
getDocumentElement()
2 relative layout provide horizontal and vertical design option true or false
true
3 absoulte layout work on the base of x and y pos true or false?
4 text view is the name of textbox in android true or false
false
1 in which folder animation will be stored?
res/anim
2 which layout is used to arrange control only by horizontal or vertical way
LinearLayout
3 what is the name of textbox control in android
editText
4 what is the name of label control in android
TextView


1 give full form : API
2 android has a built-in database named__
SQLite
3 data sharing between applications is possible using__
1 what is a parameterized query?
a query in which placeholders are used for parameters 
2__ statement in SQlite is used to update data into table
update 
3 what is Retrofit?
an easy and fast library to retrive and upload data via a REST based web services 
1 what is the full form of api
2 which is the default internal database support by android
SQLite
3 which 2 method is provide by sqlliteopenhelper class
onCreate()
onUpgrade()
4 list out any two method support by sqllitedatabase class
insert()
update()
delete()

1 give full form:GPS
2 what is a web API?
3 __ API is used to moniter current state of phone/communication.
1 write the full form of JSON
2 what is the basic use of location APIs?
to provide awareness of user actions and their environment
3 what is notification in android?
1__ default databse provide by android
SQLite
2 oncreate and onupgrade method is derived from which class
SQLiteOpenHelper class
3 __ concept is used to share their data between other application
4 __ method is used to save data in sqlite database
getWritableDatabase()
getReadableDatabase()
1 android application upload in which store?
Google Play Store
2 ___ class is used to find location in androird
LocationManager
3 full form of lbs
4 ful form of api
1 what is the full form of gps 
2 what is the full form of json
3 in which stored we can upload android application
4 which permission need for use vibration service in android?


1 give full form of : MVC
2 __ control is used to display the text
3 a text field allows typing in multiple lines: true/false
1 which os is used by iphone?
Mac OS
2 what is the use of button control?
3 what is framework?
A framework is a software development concept that provides a set of pre-written and reusable code libraries, components, and tools that developers can use to build applications more efficiently and effectively.
1 android studio is used to developed iphone app true or false
false
2 mvc fullform 
model View Controller
3 iphone app upload in google playstore true false
False
4 __ ide is used for iphone develpoment
1 in which store all the iphone application will be upload
Apple App Store
2 which ide is used to developed iphone application
XCode
3 full form of mvc
4 full form of ide



